<h3>Download</h3>
<a style="font-weight: bold; color: #9068b6fd; href="">WP-Extension.exe</a>

<h3>Description</h3>
The <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #9068b6fd;">Widgets Project Extension</a> its an open source executable which works as an intermediary between the wallpaper and your pc and allows you to display information like <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;">CPU usage</a>, <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;">RAM usage</a>, or put your <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;">ToDo-Notes</a> in to the wallpaper.

> On the <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;" href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3137947556">Script</a> side, it will obtain the corresponding information from the pc and will generate a js file that will contain a variable such as pc-info.js will generate a variable called var <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;">pc_info</a> that will store 2 values, on the one hand the cpu usage and on the other hand. else the memory usage <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;">pc_info = [23.4, 31.5];</a>.
> On the <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;" href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3137947556">Wallpaper</a> side, this will refresh the content of the js file every x time, allowing it to receive updates to the content of the variables and thus display them on the screen.

The script includes:
* <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;">Configuration Menu</a> accessible from a system tray icon, allowing you to adjust settings such as the wallpaper directory and geographical coordinates for weather updates. This provides a personalized and dynamic experience for displaying information on your wallpaper.
* Additionally, extension allows you to manage <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;">Personal Notes</a> directly from the wallpaper interface. Notes can be created, edited, and saved, and are stored in a JavaScript file (<a style="font-weight: bold; color: #d27e06;">ToDoNotes.js</a>), making it easy to view and manage them on the wallpaper.                                          
* The Extension Continuously monitors <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;">CPU</a> and <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;">RAM</a> usage using the <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #d27e06;">psutil</a> library. This data is recorded in a JavaScript file (<a style="font-weight: bold; color: #d27e06;">pc-info.js</a>), which the wallpaper uses to show real-time system performance information.
* This ensures that the wallpaper accurately reflects the current performance of your machine.
* Finally, the script integrates <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #ee5656fd;">Weather</a> data retrieval through the <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #d27e06;" href="https://open-meteo.com">Open-Meteo API</a>. Based on the provided <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #5672eefd;">latitude</a> and <a style="font-weight: bold; color: #5672eefd;">longitude</a>, the script fetches and stores weather information in a JavaScript file (<a style="font-weight: bold; color: #d27e06;">weather-data.js</a>). This information is automatically updated every five hours, keeping the wallpaper up-to-date with the latest weather conditions.
